"When the IT department is you."  - Ted
“I have not failed. I’ve just found 10,000 ways that won’t work.” – Thomas Edison
The revolution will come when hackers meet political activists...
“What new technology does is create new opportunities to do a job that customers want done.” – Tim O’Reilly
“Technology like art is a soaring exercise of the human imagination.” – Daniel Bell
The future will only contain what we put into it now.
Commute, work, commute, sleep...
Practice wishful thinking.
Be realistic, demand the impossible.
"When the IT department is you."  - Ted
"Only two things are infinite, the universe and the human stupidity, and im not to sure about the former" - Albert Einstein
"All our knowledge merely helps us to die a more painful death than animals that know nothing" - Maurice Maeterlinck
"Buddha says, "Know your forms of linux: Mandrake, SUSE, Linspire, Xandros, Lycoris, MEPIS, Fedora Core, and Ubuntu"
“Let’s go invent tomorrow instead of worrying about what happened yesterday.” – Steve Jobs
"Be nice to nerds, you will probably end up working for them." - Bill Gates
“The great growling engine of change – technology.” – Alvin Toffler
Information wants to be free.
The smaller the mind the greater the conceit.
“Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.” – Arthur C. Clarke
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
"When the IT department is you."  - Ted
"Being able to break security doesnt make you a hacker anymore than being able to hotwire cars makes you an automotive engineer." -Eric Raymond
“Once a new technology rolls over you, if you’re not part of the steamroller, you’re part of the road.” – Stewart Brand
"I never think of the future - it comes soon enough." - Albert Einstein
"The only good is knowledge and the only evil is ignorance." - Socrates
“Technology is best when it brings people together.” – Matt Mullenweg
“Technology is a useful servant but a dangerous master.” – Christian Lous Lange
"Yes, our regulatory agencies are incompetent. But they are incompetent by design." --writer David Goldstein
“The real problem is not whether machines think but whether men do.” – B.F. Skinner
"If you think you are too small to make an impact, try sleeping in a room with a few mosquitoes. "  --West African proverb
“Technology should improve your life… not become your life.” – Billy Cox
"Unless we change direction, we are likely to end up where we are headed. " -- Chinese proverb
"Don't fully trust anyone until he has stuck with a good cause which he saw was losing." --Morton Blackwell
"We don't need people who can spit back facts. We've got Google." --Professor Roberta Golinkoff
"Never do anything against conscience -- even if the state demands it." -- Albert Einstein
"The cost of living is dying."
"Television is about watching a life instead of having one." - Beth Mazur
"Where others feel fear I feel only curiosity." - TheMindRapist
"Lottery: A tax on people who are bad at math."
"Caring is the most dangerous of experiences because it means choosing to be vulnerable."
“Fanaticism consists in redoubling your effort when you have forgotten your aim.”
"We never remember days, only moments." - Cesare Pavese"
Tomorrow's just a day away
"When the IT department is you."  - Ted
There are only two hard problems in computer science: cache invalidation and naming things. - Phil Karlton
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
You can educate a fool, but you cannot make him think.